feat(eslint-plugin): add preferProtectedState rule (#4488)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/eslint-plugin/rules/signal-store-should-prefer-protected-state.md

# signal-store-should-prefer-protected-state

A Signal Store should prefer protected state.

> - **Type**: problem

Reviewer: Covered that already above. I'd see this rule as a suggestion and definitely not fixable.

- **Fixable**: Yes
- **Suggestion**: No
- **Requires type checking**: No
- **Configurable**: No

<!-- Everything above this generated, do not edit -->
<!-- MANUAL-DOC:START -->

## Rule Details

> 

Reviewer: I'd add there a little explanation as well.

```suggestion

This rule should ensure that state changes are only managed by the Signal Store to prevent unintended modifications and provide clear ownership of where changes occur.
```

Author: Thanks @rainerhahnekamp , applied

# signal-store-should-prefer-protected-state

A Signal Store should prefer protected state.

- **Type**: suggestion
- **Fixable**: No
- **Suggestion**: Yes
- **Requires type checking**: No
- **Configurable**: No

<!-- Everything above this generated, do not edit -->
<!-- MANUAL-DOC:START -->

## Rule Details

> This rule should ensure that state changes are only managed by the Signal Store to prevent unintended modifications and provide clear ownership of where changes occur.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This rule ensures that state changes are only managed by the Signal Store to prevent unintended modifications and provide clear ownership of where changes occur.
```

Author: Will apply it together with the entire change
